---
citation: "Digitally photographed entry in *Congregational Church 1868-1933 Minutes of Meetings and Membership*, used with permission from Caroline Valley Community Church."
notes: >-

  - [Catherine A. Ault](https://www.findagrave.com/memorial/52516732/catherine-a-ault) (unknown to 06 Dec 1873).
---

Motts Corners Tompkins Co. NY

April 25

The Church meet pursuant a call from the join committee of officers of the same Congregational Church.
 
When the object of the meeting was stated by the pastor who was in the chair.

The object being the adoption of the history of the Church, principles of Church polity, articles of faith, rules and by laws, principles of discipline, profession of religion, and joining the Church, which was then read as they had been adjusted by the officer of the Church. 
 
When a motion was made that all persons who wish can now record their names as charter members and vote in the above named [events?] when the following named persons presented themselves. James H. McWhorter, Harriet A. McWhorter and the name of Mrs. Catherine Ault was added to the role of membership with her consent.

When the yeas and nays were called for in the forgoing, history, principles of Church polity, articles of faith, rules and by laws, principles of discipline, profession of religion and joining the Church.

When the following named persons members of the church and voters answered to their names in the affirmative the clerk of the Church calling the names of said Church members.

Wm. Personius

Julie Almira Personius

Sarah F. Edwards 

Ellen S. Lounsbery

Agusta G. White

Amanda L. Lounsbery

Ellen M. Personius

Walker V. Personius

Maria Sanders

Sarah A. Perry

Sarah J. Lounsbery

Emma G. Lounsbery

Marrette Perry

George W. White

G. S. Sloughter

George Wolcott

Julia A. Wolcott

Richard Lounsbery

Daniel Boyce

S. B. Landon

Abie Landon

B. V. Sloughter

J. J. Boyce

Edward Lounsbery

Barnabas Genung

G. T. Sanders

Robert W. Edwards

Thomas H. Griffith

Amanda Griffith

N. G. Edwards

Cantine Lounsbery

Benjamin Losey

Hellen M. Losey

Harriet Lounsbery

Betsey Boyce

John P. Allen

Julia Allen

Amelia Jansen

Lydia Webster

Martin Besemer

Emma Besemer

James H. McWhorter

Harriet A. McWhorter

Herman C. Ostrander

Mandana J. Ostrander

The following named persons were not present and therefore did not vote: Jane Ault, Hellen Roe, Catherine Ault.
