---
notes: >-

  - The meeting contains two sections that were later crossed out with the word "error" as a marginal note for each:

  - When a motion was made to have all who wish record their names as charter members when the following named persons presented themselves. 

  - James H. McWhorter, Harriet A. McWhorter, and the name of Mrs. Catherine was also placed on the role of membership by her request or consent.

  - [James H. McWhorter](https://www.findagrave.com/memorial/99584126/james-h-mcwhorter) (Jul 1823 to 1905) married Harriet Adaline McWhorter.
---

March 28 1868 Motts Corners

Congregational Church meet pursuant to adjournment.

On motion George T. Sanders was chosen Moderator and Walker V. Personius Secretary.

Object of meeting stated by the Moderator to be the completion of the Congregational Church and the election of officers.

When a motion was made that we proceed to the election of Deacons by ballot.

When on motion George W. White, Benjamin Losey and George Wolcott were appointed the board of inspectors of election.

The result of first ballot, William Personius was chosen.

When on motion Wm Personius was declared unanimously elected.

The result of the second ballot, Bro. Benjamin Losey was declared unanimously elected.

The result of the third ballot George T. Sanders was chosen.

When on motion Bro. George T. Sanders was declared unanimously elected.

When on fourth ballet Bro. George W. White was chosen.

When on motion Bro. George W. White was also declared unanimously elected.

When on motion made and carried S. B. Landon, Thomas H. Griffith and N. G. Edwards were chosen church committee for the ensuing year. Also H. C. Ostrander, Cantine Lounsbery and George Wolcott.

The joint committee of Deacons and Church Committee declared George T. Sanders the clerk of the Church for the ensuing year.

[See notes for crossed out sections at this place in the text.]

When a motion was made to adjourn.

W. V. Personius Secretary

George T. Sanders Moderator

